and baptize you Martin your name is a
father and the son
and of the Holy Spirit
dearly beloved this child has been
reborn in baptism he is now called the
child of God for so indeed he is follow
the example of our Savior Christ and be
made like unto Him so that as he died
and rose for us
so shall we no no no no he's in there
right now being christened because
they're afraid he's gonna die Sheridan
that's best baby in there bets no no I
know that's what you all keep telling me
that is best baby but I just feel like
it's mine I push a little baby my god
maybe I'm going crazy but I gotta go
back in there save him you're not going
back in please just leave me alone let
me go back in there because I know I can
make him better like no I can save my
baby please leave me please
you and me stuff out of here this is
truly you guys know very thi
yeah possibly come on
Vonnegut thank you thank you for coming
my prayers go with you for your son's
recovery he will walk with God Ethan why
are you here my brother's baby means
nothing to you
Teresa and I are here for Sheridan of
all the people I expected I could depend
on it was you but no more sure sir I'm
sorry saying anything else okay I'm done
with you well do you see how she turns
on you the minute you don't dance
returned dr. Gallagher who's fast it's
the baby baptized yeah just now good you
can take your baby home now take him
home so that means he's all right yeah I
think that's best
wait this is dr. Berg the
gastroenterologist I told you about yeah
but our baby's better right I'm sorry I
just went over the results of the baby's
latest tests unfortunately dr. Gallagher
is right there's nothing more we can do
for your baby here I suggest you take
him home and spend as much time as
possible with them
do you see my baby's gonna die No
you're doctors you have to do something
I'm so sorry
there's nothing more medical science can
do for him it's in God's hands now
I can't believe it to come to this I
hate it too but I think it's the best
thing that we can do for sure right now
she's in such a emotionally fragile
state and then it doesn't seem like
she's getting any better
right she's in complete denial about
losing her baby she just can't accept
the fact that her baby's dead she keeps
insisting the best baby's hers it's
gonna happen to her dr. Russell she's
gonna have to accept the reality of the
death of her baby before she can begin
to heal so you're doing the best thing
for her by admitting her and as her
husband used to sign the admitting
papers know about this
I know you told but believe me
this is what we need to do Sheridan's on
the verge of a complete breakdown and
this is the only way we can help her
if he needs me
you know to get me out of here
I have to get to my baby something is
terribly wrong with my child those cold
babies do you know Tabitha Lennox and I
still feel that he was close by Miguel
January 8 you've never